All right welcome back my students on the last lecture I was kind of tired I went and had a rest.
So I'm good to go now.
All right cool.
So let's go back to our edit right here.
And as you can see we're sending all this data to the post.
Now when you're about to the bug this and you want to make sure that this is actually going to we're
supposed to go.
All right well you need to do is go to your controller and on the Update you return something you say
OK it's working ok.
Something like this.
So that way you know that you're not wasting your time with that.
All right so let's go and we'll check this out real quick.
I hate that feature of arm of Mac where you can make this when it goes back like that.
But anyway.
All right cool.
So now if I try to edit this you see that it says it's working.
All right so we are receiving the data and what you can do as well is that you can return the request
.
All right here.
All right.
So Samit as you can see the talking's getting submitted with all the name values as well.
All right including the title right here.
So cool stuff.
So we're getting everything we need now.
So how do we do this.
Well first of all we find it right.
So we would say we find or fail this record with an idea of one and now we grab the object try because
it's one object and we say you know why I want to update this and I want to update everything.
Now one of the or the requests and put it in the table and at the same time I also want to return redirect
OK and redirect to pose that and it's OK.
Cool.
I think we're good to go.
We're golden guys.
Let's go back and we want to edit this to say updated BHB submit.
No found exception.
So why would that happen.
OK well let's go back here to our edit and see what's going on.
All right.
So OK I see I see what's going on.
We are redirecting use in the view functionality that name brand functionality it doesn't work with
a redirect.
So let's go back here and we can use this.
OK.
So let's use we regulate this.
All right cool.
Let's go back.
There we go of data APHC we see that.
All right.
It would be nice if we have a link here that when we click it it takes us to the edit page right.
So let's do that.
Let's go to our show
page and let's put a link on that title.
OK.
And on this whoops
and the A-Trak Let's put that little function that I show you how to create.
Let's do the blade
array and let's do pose that at it as a second parameterless pass the ID.
All right so we take yours there.
Ok cool.
That is good.
Let's refresh here and we see that link we click on it and we take us there.
So now my second pose let's just say of the red to my second pose submit as you can see right there
.
Angle yes click on it and they are beautiful.
All right.
So in the next lecture Let me show you how to delete this.
And we are almost done with this functionalities.
Thank you so much guys and I'll see you in the next lecture.